Update planned state description (#1839)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/states.html.md

- If the `terraform plan` command failed, the run skips to completion (**Plan Errored** state).
- If a user canceled the plan by pressing the "Cancel Run" button, the run skips to completion (**Canceled** state).

> - If the plan succeeded and neither cost estimatation nor Sentinel policy checks are will be done, the run skips to completion (**Planned** state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the plan succeeded and neither cost estimation nor Sentinel policy checks will be done, the run skips to completion (**Planned** state).
```
```suggestion
- If the plan succeeded and neither cost estimatation nor Sentinel policy checks are will be done, the run skips to completion (**Planned** state).
```
